welcome to single life in the big city
people tell me I look like Tom Cruise
where everyone has one thing on their
mind you step on a six year old woman
last night when you work in physical
therapy you make friends fast
everyone except al he wants something
more my teeth no she is adorable wow you
look so beautiful I'm in love tingles
and everything yeah tingles and
everything but his friends can't wait to
rescue him girls are like buses a new
one comes along every two minutes
depending on traffic welcome back to the
man show tonight's topic men and where
the skirts in their relationship al by
the way can I call you Alyce what's next
it's matching towel sets I thought we
had something special it is special I
just need a little freedom by the time
you realize what a mistake you just made
I would be long gone
now with every new night with every new
date no he's totally geared and he
didn't bring you to a cheap restaurant
either which is great my dad he just
likes to check in state requires that I
wear this tracking device at all times
to have any food in my teeth he's
starting to realize he can't live
without her
[Music]
my son at a ladies and gentlemen and
he's willing to do whatever it takes
is he perfect for me I gotta get her
back to give first love a second chance
Freddie Prinze jr.
Julia Stiles
down to you
[Music]